                       TUNGSTEN REPLICATOR README
                   Copyright (C) 2011-2014 Continuent, Inc. 
                             September 2, 2011
                            Updated June 13, 2013

1 INTRODUCTION

This release contains software for Tungsten Replicator, which
provides advanced data replication for open source databases.  This
software is released under the GPL V2 license, a copy of which is
located in the LICENSE file.  We also make use of other open source
products, which are listed with attribution and licenses in file
README.LICENSE.

2 DOCUMENTATION

Documentation for Tungsten Replicator is located on the Continuent website 
at the following URL: 

  https://docs.continuent.com/tungsten-replicator-2.2/index.html

You can also find more information through the wiki, issues list, and mailing
lists accessible at the Tungsten Replicator project website, which is located
at the following URL: 

  http://code.google.com/p/tungsten-replicator

3 INSTALLATION

To install the replicator follow the steps shown below. 

  1.) Review the installation instructions in the Tungsten 
  Replicator Installation Guide.  

  2.) Run the 'tpm' command in the tools directory
  to configure and start Tungsten services for standard replication
  topologies. The manual has examples for many of them.

The Installation Guide provides additional information on installation
procedures. 

Alternatively, for a quick way of installing Tungsten Replicator,
you can see the instructions provided in the cookbook directory, 
by running:
   ./cookbook/readme

4 UPGRADE

The procedure for upgrade is straightforward. 
  1) unpack the tarball in a staging directory
  2) For each node in your deployment:
    2.1. stop the replicator
    2.2. run
         ./tools/update --release-directory=$PATH_TO_DEPLOYED_TUNGSTEN --host=$NODE
    2.3 If your node has more than one service, restart the replicator

If you are using the cookbook, you can run an upgrade using
  ./cookbook/upgrade
This command will ask for your current topology and then show all the commands that you should
run to perform the upgrade, including adapt the cookbook scripts to use the new deployment.
Be aware that the cookbook has evolved a lot from version 2.0.7 to 2.2.0. Many commands were
deprecated and many were altered (simplified). For a complete list of the commands and some
operational notes, run
  ./cookbook/readme
  and
  ./cookbook/help

5 LIMITATIONS

Tungsten Replicator is certified for Linux platforms.  We also
develop and test on Mac OS X though we do not certify operation on
that platform.  Please check for other platforms.

For other limitations, check the release notes in the wiki. 

6 PROBLEMS

This is open source software.  Check the wiki, issues list, and
mailing lists to get help.

7 COMMERCIAL SUPPORT

Continuent offers support options for Tungsten Replicator.  To get
further information please see our website at please contact:

  sales@continuent.com

We offer both support as well as sponsored development of features.
Sponsored features go into open source, so that everyone can use
them.

8 CONCLUSION

Enjoy the software.  If you like it please let us and your friends
know.  If you don't like something, please file bugs so we can make
it better.
